So were you successful?
We added our flash message here when we used an email which we did not find,
now obviously if we have a password that does not match, here where we also redirect to login, I also want
to flash my invalid email or password message onto the session.
So this is another great place because if we now save this, on the login screen
I might have a valid email but an invalid password and I get this error message, with valid credentials,
it of course works fine though.
Now we can also do something when signing up because when signing up, I'm checking whether an email address
already exists,
well before redirecting here I can also output something there,
email exists already,
please pick a different one,
something like that. If we now save that and I enter the e-mail address which indeed does already exist,
well then I'm redirected without having any effect
and that makes sense because we flashed a message but I'm not outputting it,
so we need to go to the login page and copy that code for outputting an error message and then go to
sign up and there above the form,
let's also output the error message here
but of course for this to work, we also need to extract it when loading the sign up page.
So that code which I'm using in get login to render my error message, I need that in get sign up
too
and then there I also need to pass this error message variable to the view which holds that message I'm
extracting
otherwise we can't display it even though we flash it into the session.
So now with that, let's try this again, let's reuse a password, an email that already exists
and now I get this error, if I do create a valid user with a valid email,
this works however.
So now if we quickly check our users collection,
we see that was added.
So these are some messages
I can flash onto the screen, you could add more,
for example after logging out you could also output some confirmation for that but this should do it
for now. It was a nice practice and improves the user experience a little bit.